fix: removed extra asterisks (#1122)
nginx/documentation: content/nginx/admin-guide/basic-functionality/managing-configuration-files.md

- how-to
---

> NGINX and NGINX Plus are similar to other services in using a text‑based configuration file with a precise format. By default the file is named **nginx.conf** and for NGINX Plus is placed in the `/etc/nginx` directory.

Reviewer: might not be the easiest sentence for ESL readers

```suggestion
Similar to other services, NGINX and NGINX Plus use a text‑based configuration file with a precise format. By default the file is named **nginx.conf** and for NGINX Plus is placed in the `/etc/nginx` directory.
```
